before i begin let me stop by saying
this mini meth is written for and
dedicated to jennifer p
a top 10 patron and a damn great nurse
the star of our movie today is janet lee
plus
tony curtis blue our star begins in
haddonfield illinois see how it says
right now on halloween night 1963 see
how it says right now
i don't know why hall movies always
start with two ugly teens getting it on
but i think the idea of the homely
children they could create is the
scariest thing of all
look at them taking the little child's
mask damn that was fast brother work on
your endurance
oh there's the mask and whoever this is
is so damn salty about the boyfriend
wearing that mask he goes upstairs and
goes off psycho on his sister
whoop wasn't supposed to say that were
you about to find that out anyway when
the child walks out of the house with a
bloody butcher knife and stares off into
oblivion while his parents just gonna
what
staying there for two goddamn minutes
not trying to figure out what the [ __ ]
they're looking at
michael what did you do over here in
smith's grove illinois right there
after we done fast forwarded 14 years
and 355 days 359 if you're counting leap
years see also right now
with dr loomis and his assistant going
to pick up michael who's been locked
away for psycho and his sister
he put his hand on her head she put the
foot on the gas they almost got whiplash
they took off so fast
spinning taking off fast there go
michael pelt in the middle burning
rubbing in that mom mobile
lord don't trust that little child i've
seen what they can do one minute you
bumping nuggets with your fellow ugly
and next thing you know you laid out on
the floor with ketchup on your tatas
here's michael and here's michael
and where's michael we didn't even hear
the engine crank this man is a pro
and what's going on in michael's head
when he creeps on these boys i
feel nostalgic thinking about the good
old days when i was just a little child
cycling my sister
annie linda and laura take a walk and
there's michael
and there's michael and where's michael
and then it gets docked and michael
follows laurie and andy to some houses
where they babysitting somebody's brats
and it gets naked and then she almost
dies but then she don't
then he takes a child she should be
tending to to laurie who ain't got no
mans because she's too smart so annie
can go boning but when eddie tries to
take off to get off she gets off do you
see how that works
later linda arrives at andy's employer's
house and bones with her boyfriend bob
but after bob gets off he gets off
see how that works meanwhile linda calls
laurie and is like i'm starting my own
movie it's called boning with bob but
now i'm getting off toodles
no actually she didn't say nothing just
picked up the phone dropped it on the
floor
was all she heard and laura's like annie
are you okay
so she goes to find that auntie is not
okay and bob hanging out and linda limp
but laura can't outrun that slow ass so
she stabs him but he ain't deceased and
she hides in the closet it steps in the
eye
and right through the titty but he ain't
deceased and dr loomis pew pews that ass
but ain't deceased and the moral of the
story is what's more of a story
if you want to survive on halloween be
smart enough the men don't ask you out
because if laura had been doing it she'd
been deceased the dead end
thank you again to my loyal patron
jennifer if you would like a mini mf of
your own head over to my patreon page to
find out how
for movies explained for i'm jeb
ah dire